I have been using genetic algorithms for optimization for several decades now.
I set out to convince myself that they didn't work, that they were all hype,
since I was hearing people say they were using them with great success at
conferences.  It turns out that I've not used a gradient based optimization
method since then, as I find genetic algorithms work best for my class of
problems.

I wrote my first coding of a genetic algorithm in Zonnon, the last programming
language in the Pascal family to come of out ETH Zurich.  I was using this
language to teach object oriented programming to my engineering students at
Saginaw Valley State University in Michigan at the time.  The Zonnon language
was funded by Microsoft to represent the Pascal family of languages, that 
would take advantage of the .NET framework.  The language never caught on.

I then was asked to port my code to Pascal for a project I was working on at
the time.  This project forced me to do a better job of documenting.

When I left SVSU for Texas A&M I found myself teaching Python to my students, 
so once again I ported my code to a different language.  The different features 
of these different languages allowed me different ways to implement a genetic 
algorithm into code.  I find the genetic algorithm to be an excellent
application to teach the idea of programming to students.  Intuitive and
simple enough that the students can wrap their heads around the ideas, yet
complex enough that they have to spend time developing a programming design.

At the time I began working for the Army Research Lab in 2019, I began working
with the Julia programming language, which offers a different paradyme for 
programming: multiple dispatch.  Again, I find myself porting my genetic 
algorithm into another language, seeking out its programming features, and how 
to best implement the notion of a genetic algorithm using them.

Directories for these prior implementations of mine are included here for
archival purposes only.
